OSDOCS-8914: Explaining upgrades for ROSA with HCP clusters. (#71393)
openshift/openshift-docs: upgrading/rosa-hcp-upgrading.adoc

toc::[]

> You can upgrade {hcp-title-first} clusters by using individual upgrades through the {product-title} (ROSA) command line interface (CLI), `rosa`. You can also specify if you want to upgrade just the control plane, a single machine pool, or all machine pools and the control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade {hcp-title-first} clusters by individually upgrading the hosted control plane and the machine pools with the ROSA command line interface (CLI), `rosa`. 

Use one of the following methods to upgrade your HCP clusters:
* Upgrade only your hosted control plane. This does not impact your worker nodes. 
* Upgrade only your machine pool. This initiates a rolling reboot of a specific machine pool and temporarily impacts the worker nodes on the specific machine pool. It will not impact all your worker nodes if you have multiple machine pools.
* Upgrade your hosted control plane first and then your machine pool.
[NOTE]
====
If you want to upgrade both your hosted control plane and your machine pool, you must upgrade the the hosted control plane first.
====
```
I'm not sure how you want to format this, but I *think* this is mostly accurate based on what the SRE gave you.

> To plan an upgrade, review the xref:../rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-hcp-life-cycle.adoc#rosa-hcp-life-cycle[{hcp-title} update life cycle]. The life cycle page includes release definitions, support and upgrade requirements, installation policy information, and life cycle dates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To plan an upgrade, review the xref:../rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-hcp-life-cycle.adoc#rosa-hcp-life-cycle[{hcp-title} update life cycle] documentation. The life cycle page includes release definitions, support and upgrade requirements, installation policy information, and life cycle dates.
```

[NOTE]
====

> The duration of the upgrade might vary based on your workload configuration and with machine pool upgrades, the number of worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster upgrade duration varies based on your workload configuration and machine pool upgrade duration varies based on the number of worker nodes.
```
Not sure if it should be "cluster" or "hosted control plane" at the start of the sentence.

toc::[]

> Upgrade {hcp-title-first} clusters by individually upgrading the hosted control plane and the machine pools with the ROSA command line interface (CLI), `rosa`.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to frame this abstract as a capability rather than an imperative:
```suggestion
You can upgrade {hcp-title-first} clusters by individually upgrading the hosted control plane and the machine pools with the ROSA command line interface (CLI), `rosa`.
```

Use one of the following methods to upgrade your HCP clusters:

* Upgrade only your hosted control plane. This does not impact your worker nodes.

> * Upgrade only your machine pool. This initiates a rolling reboot of a specific machine pool and temporarily impacts the worker nodes on the specific machine pool. It will not impact all your worker nodes if you have multiple machine pools.

Reviewer 2: Present tense:
```suggestion
* Upgrade only your machine pool. This initiates a rolling reboot of a specific machine pool and temporarily impacts the worker nodes on the specific machine pool. It does not impact all your worker nodes if you have multiple machine pools.
```

* Upgrade your hosted control plane first and then your machine pool.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you want to upgrade both your hosted control plane and your machine pool, you must upgrade the the hosted control plane first.

Reviewer 3: should we mention also "to the same version"? Or is it implicit?
